---
layout: post
title: RC3 and Vintage Scala 2.10
author: Dave Hrycyszyn
twitter: futurechimp
---

There have been two Scalatra releases in the past week. 

First off is the release of Scalatra 2.2.0-RC3, now available for download. It should work with both Scala 2.9 and the newly-released Scala 2.10. 

Secondly, if you're running somewhat vintage servlet containers, you can now use Scalatra 2.0.5-SNAPSHOT with the brand-new Scala 2.10. 

## Scalatra 2.0.5-RC3 Changelog

For Scala 2.10 you need to use `"org.scalatra" %% "scalatra"` in your build.sbt file, and for 2.9 you need to use `"org.scalatra" % "scalatra"`.

This release candidate also includes the following changes since RC2:

### scalatra

* Add shutdown hook. Unifies the destruction of servlets and filters.
* Support case insensitive method override header

### scalatra-scalate

* Shut down the compiler thread when the servlet or filter is destroyed.

### scalatra-atmosphere

* Use atmosphere 1.0.6
* Fix long-polling connections

### scalatra-commands

* replace .toOption with folds for scalaz 7 source compatibility

### scalatra-json

* fix rendering nodeseq
* update to json4s 3.1.0

### scalatra-scalate

* update to scalate 1.6.1


## Scalatra 2.0.5 / Scala 2.10 snapshot

One of the things which distinguishes Scalatra from some other Scala web frameworks is that Scalatra runs on servlet containers.They aren't very cool, but they're proven and have a huge community behind them far beyond the Scala community.

Scalatra 2.1.x and the forthcoming 2.2.x releases both run on Servlet 3.0. For users of Scalatra who are stuck on older Servlet 2.5 containers, <a href="http://twitter.com/rossabaker">Ross</a> has recently put out a Scalatra 2.0.5-SNAPSHOT which allows you to run your Scalatra 2.0 / Servlet 2.5 applications with Scala 2.10.

To do this, use this in your build.sbt:

```scala
    resolvers += "Sonatype OSS Snapshots" at
"https://oss.sonatype.org/content/repositories/snapshots"

    libraryDependencies ++= (
      "org.scalatra" %% "scalatra" % "2.0.5-SNAPSHOT",
      // more deps
    )
```

Unfortunately, we can't tag that until Lift releases for 2.10.

If you have your own internal repository, you might consider republishing internally as 2.0.5-yourorg or some such.

Please let us know if you have any problems, and if it works, we'll tag it right on the heels of Lift.